a landmark site of Izmir this five-star
hotel has been extensively renovated and
is now the luxurious swiss hotel is near
located within the city centre and
overlooking the spectacular cordon
promenade and izmir bay swiss hotel
grand FS Izmir is within walking
distance of excellent shopping and
interesting sights the 402 guestrooms
and Suites display a contemporary
elegance synonymous with Swiss
hospitality where you receive all the
benefits of a luxury hotel with personal
attention and service throughout our
expensive lush grounds you'll find
jogging paths indoor and outdoor pools a
tennis court and the renowned and Rita
spar and wellness center offering a true
oasis in the midst of this active City
relax in one of our fashionable cafes
and restaurants perhaps a fine dining
experience in equinox featuring gourmet
dishes and a dazzling view of the izmir
Bay a delicious international grill
speciality in the aquarium restaurant or
enjoy show cooking in the cafe Swiss
the sky bar is the perfect place to
begin or end your evening with fine
spirits and scenery Swiss hotel also
houses the prestigious grand FS
Convention Center the largest in the
city featuring 19 meeting rooms an
impressive exhibition area and an
opulent Grand Ballroom the perfect place
for work and play